---
layout: post
title: "Individual Reflection Assignment"
comments: false
description: "Details on your assignment due March 8"
---
# Due Date
March 8

# Turning it In
Use Blackboard
# Learning	 Goals	The purpose of the individual reflection assignment is to give you an opportunity to make sense of the work you’ve done this term and to demonstrate that you have thoughtfully considered the course material on the purposes and conduct of UX research, formal user tests, personas, scenarios, and surveys.# The	Assignment	In less than three pages, write a reflective paper in which you explain the process by which you and your group completed your user experience research so far. Your paper should be reflective, personal, and academically rigorous – you should include discussions of the readings and conversations we used/had in class that impacted your work. Some questions to consider while you write include
* If you were to do another similar project, what would you do differently? * What parts of working together or doing user research did you find most challenging? Why? * What new skills or tools have you developed this term? How might they be useful to you in the future?* How did the readings or discussions from class influence your project?* What readings did you find especially persuasive? Which ones were not convincing? Why or why not?
## Good Reflective Papers Are/Do…* Ways to achieve clarity about your own learning* Make connections among concepts, projects, the real world* A way to make meaning out of what you’ve read and done in COM 525/381* Your responses to the new information you encountered in COM 525/381* Explain how your thinking has changed since January* Interesting to read* Include specifics (e.g., conversations, readings) to support their statements## Good Reflective Papers Are/Do Not…* Summaries of your notes from class* Sarcastic, flippant, or dishonest* Complain about the work, the project, or your group members* Overly general# Grading	In the most successful papers, it will be evident that the author has spent considerable time reflecting on the overall meaning of the course and the course activities. The reader will also see how the author’s thoughts and actions have been affected by the course. The essay will be coherent and structured such that a reader may understand how the course and its content have helped the author to develop understandings of user research, its purposes, and its methods.Less successful papers will lack unity and seem disjointed or rambling. It will seem that the paper was written without much reflection. Alternately, the comments about what the author has learned may seem forced or disingenuous (dishonest). The less fortunate essay will jump from idea to idea without transition such that the reader has difficulty understanding how the author has made personal sense of the course.